Feature/doc changes (#37)
retest/docs: docs/recheck-web/tutorial/upload-test-reports-to-rehub.md

Test reports can be easily uploaded to [***rehub***](https://retest.de/rehub/). For this our existing test case has to be adjusted only slightly. It is possible to upload test reports when we execute the test locally or in a CI/CD environment. For the latter, you can follow [this description](travis-execute-ci.md) in order to execute your test with Travis CI.

> Remember to add the driver invoke for local executes and delete it to test with Travis CI. If you don't want to change this every time you execute your test locally, you can simply add the driver.exe to your [path](https://java.com/en/download/help/path.xml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to set the property for the ChromeDriver executable when you want to execute the test locally (and remove it when you push). If you don't want to change this every time you execute your test locally, you can simply add the `chromedriver.exe` to your [path](https://java.com/en/download/help/path.xml).
```

```java
@Before
void setUp() {

>     System.setProperty( de.retest.recheck.Properties.REHUB_REPORT_UPLOAD_ENABLED, "true" );

Reviewer: I think we should globally replace this by using `RecheckOptions`, then users can't make the mistake of setting the property after `RecheckImpl` has been initialized.
